README.md, before:

## SlackMagic

<img src="images/icon-128.png" width="128" align="right" />

Slack theme/enhancements.

#### Installation Instructions

- Download the ZIP file from the `000000-dev` branch here at GitHub.
  Or just clone the repo, that's fine too.

	```
	git clone https://github.com/websharks/slackmagic
	git checkout 000000-dev
	```

- Now open Chrome and go to: `chrome://extensions/`
- Check the "Developer Mode" box at the top; right-hand side.
- Click the **Load Unpacked Extension** button at the top of your screen.
- Choose the `slackmagic` folder and you're set.
- Now just reload the Slack web interface.

#### Credits / Additional Acknowledgments

- Developed by [WebSharks, Inc.](http://www.websharks-inc.com/)
- Uses jQuery by [the jQuery Foundation](http://jquery.com/)

---

This project is now on Floobits too! [Watch us code](https://floobits.com/jaswsinc/slackmagic/redirect) in real-time :-) <a href="https://floobits.com/jaswsinc/slackmagic/redirect"><img alt="Floobits status" width="100" height="40" src="https://floobits.com/jaswsinc/slackmagic.png" align="right" /></a>

Commit message:

Update README.md: Add documenation for FluidApp

README.md, after:

## SlackMagic

<img src="images/icon-128.png" width="128" align="right" />

Slack theme/enhancements.

#### Installation Instructions

- Download the ZIP file from the `000000-dev` branch here at GitHub.
  Or just clone the repo, that's fine too.

	```
	git clone https://github.com/websharks/slackmagic
	git checkout 000000-dev
	```

- Now open Chrome and go to: `chrome://extensions/`
- Check the "Developer Mode" box at the top; right-hand side.
- Click the **Load Unpacked Extension** button at the top of your screen.
- Choose the `slackmagic` folder and you're set.
- Now just reload the Slack web interface.


#### Using SlackMagic with FluidApp

You can use [FluidApp](http://fluidapp.com/) to create a standalone Mac app from a webpage. 

Once you've created a FluidApp with your Slack account, you can use SlackMagic inside the FluidApp by accessing **Window → Userscripts** and **Window → Userstlyes**, adding a new entry as shown in the screenshots below, and then adding the JS and CSS code from `others/fluidapp/scripts.js` and `others/fluidapp/slacktastic.css`.

![2014-09-15_15-00-09](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53005/4277070/1f77e30c-3d0b-11e4-816f-3a1d5b3ff8d1.png)
![2014-09-15_15-00-13](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/53005/4277071/2086da82-3d0b-11e4-9a25-b0f39599add5.png)

#### Credits / Additional Acknowledgments

- Developed by [WebSharks, Inc.](http://www.websharks-inc.com/)
- Uses jQuery by [the jQuery Foundation](http://jquery.com/)

---

This project is now on Floobits too! [Watch us code](https://floobits.com/jaswsinc/slackmagic/redirect) in real-time :-) <a href="https://floobits.com/jaswsinc/slackmagic/redirect"><img alt="Floobits status" width="100" height="40" src="https://floobits.com/jaswsinc/slackmagic.png" align="right" /></a>
